createTexreg            Constructor for texreg objects
extract                 Extract details from statistical models for
                        table construction
extract,ANY-method      'extract' method for 'broom' objects
extract,Arima-method    'extract' method for 'Arima' objects
extract,H2OBinomialModel-method
                        'extract' method for 'H2OBinomialModel' objects
extract,aftreg-method   'extract' method for 'aftreg' objects
extract,averaging-method
                        'extract' method for 'averaging' objects
extract,bam-method      'extract' method for 'bam' objects
extract,betamfx-method
                        'extract' method for 'betamfx' objects
extract,betaor-method   'extract' method for 'betaor' objects
extract,betareg-method
                        'extract' method for 'betareg' objects
extract,bife-method     'extract' method for 'bife' objects
extract,biglm-method    'extract' method for 'biglm' objects
extract,brglm-method    'extract' method for 'brglm' objects
extract,brmsfit-method
                        'extract' method for 'brmsfit' objects
extract,btergm-method   'extract' method for 'btergm' objects
extract,censReg-method
                        'extract' method for 'censReg' objects
extract,clm-method      'extract' method for 'clm' objects
extract,clmm-method     'extract' method for 'clmm' objects
extract,clogit-method   'extract' method for 'clogit' objects
extract,coeftest-method
                        'extract' method for 'coeftest' objects
extract,coxph-method    'extract' method for 'coxph' objects
extract,coxph.penal-method
                        'extract' method for 'coxph.penal' objects
extract,coxreg-method   'extract' method for 'coxreg' objects
extract,dynlm-method    'extract' method for 'dynlm' objects
extract,ergm-method     'extract' method for 'ergm' objects
extract,ergmm-method    'extract' method for 'ergmm' objects
extract,ets-method      'extract' method for 'ets' objects
extract,fGARCH-method   'extract' method for 'fGARCH' objects
extract,feglm-method    'extract' method for 'feglm' objects
extract,feis-method     'extract' method for 'feis' objects
extract,felm-method     'extract' method for 'felm' objects
extract,forecast-method
                        'extract' method for 'forecast' objects
extract,forecast_ARIMA-method
                        'extract' method for 'forecast_ARIMA' objects
extract,gam-method      'extract' method for 'gam' objects
extract,gamlss-method   'extract' method for 'gamlss' objects
extract,gamlssZadj-method
                        'extract' method for 'gamlssZadj' objects
extract,gee-method      'extract' method for 'gee' objects
extract,geeglm-method   'extract' method for 'geeglm' objects
extract,gel-method      'extract' method for 'gel' objects
extract,glm-method      'extract' method for 'glm' objects
extract,glm.cluster-method
                        'extract' method for 'glm.cluster' objects
extract,glmerMod-method
                        'extract' method for 'glmerMod' objects
extract,glmmPQL-method
                        'extract' method for 'glmmPQL' objects
extract,glmmTMB-method
                        'extract' method for 'glmmTMB' objects
extract,glmmadmb-method
                        'extract' method for 'glmmadmb' objects
extract,glmrob-method   'extract' method for 'glmrob' objects
extract,gls-method      'extract' method for 'gls' objects
extract,gmm-method      'extract' method for 'gmm' objects
extract,gnls-method     'extract' method for 'gnls' objects
extract,gnm-method      'extract' method for 'gnm' objects
extract,hurdle-method   'extract' method for 'hurdle' objects
extract,ivreg-method    'extract' method for 'ivreg' objects
extract,lm-method       'extract' method for 'lm' objects
extract,lm.cluster-method
                        'extract' method for 'lm.cluster' objects
extract,lme-method      'extract' method for 'lme' objects
extract,lme4-method     'extract' method for 'lme4' objects
extract,lmerMod-method
                        'extract' method for 'lmerMod' objects
extract,lmrob-method    'extract' method for 'lmrob' objects
extract,lnam-method     'extract' method for 'lnam' objects
extract,logitmfx-method
                        'extract' method for 'logitmfx' objects
extract,logitor-method
                        'extract' method for 'logitor' objects
extract,lqmm-method     'extract' method for 'lqmm' objects
extract,lrm-method      'extract' method for 'lrm' objects
extract,maBina-method   'extract' method for 'maBina' objects
extract,merMod-method   'extract' method for 'merMod' objects
extract,mhurdle-method
                        'extract' method for 'mhurdle' objects
extract,mlogit-method   'extract' method for 'mlogit' objects
extract,mnlogit-method
                        'extract' method for 'mnlogit' objects
extract,model.selection-method
                        'extract' method for 'model.selection' objects
extract,mtergm-method   'extract' method for 'mtergm' objects
extract,multinom-method
                        'extract' method for 'multinom' objects
extract,negbin-method   'extract' method for 'negbin' objects
extract,negbinirr-method
                        'extract' method for 'negbinirr' objects
extract,negbinmfx-method
                        'extract' method for 'negbinmfx' objects
extract,netlogit-method
                        'extract' method for 'netlogit' objects
extract,nlme-method     'extract' method for 'nlme' objects
extract,nlmerMod-method
                        'extract' method for 'nlmerMod' objects
extract,oglmx-method    'extract' method for 'oglmx' objects
extract,ols-method      'extract' method for 'ols' objects
extract,panelAR-method
                        'extract' method for 'panelAR' objects
extract,pglm-method     'extract' method for 'pglm' objects
extract,pgmm-method     'extract' method for 'pgmm' objects
extract,phreg-method    'extract' method for 'phreg' objects
extract,plm-method      'extract' method for 'plm' objects
extract,pmg-method      'extract' method for 'pmg' objects
extract,poissonirr-method
                        'extract' method for 'poissonirr' objects
extract,poissonmfx-method
                        'extract' method for 'poissonmfx' objects
extract,polr-method     'extract' method for 'polr' objects
extract,probitmfx-method
                        'extract' method for 'probitmfx' objects
extract,rem.dyad-method
                        'extract' method for 'rem.dyad' objects
extract,rlm-method      'extract' method for 'rlm' objects
extract,rq-method       'extract' method for 'rq' objects
extract,sarlm-method    'extract' method for 'sarlm' objects
extract,sclm-method     'extract' method for 'sclm' objects
extract,selection-method
                        'extract' method for 'selection' objects
extract,sienaFit-method
                        'extract' method for 'sienaFit' objects
extract,simex-method    'extract' method for 'simex' objects
extract,speedglm-method
                        'extract' method for 'speedglm' objects
extract,speedlm-method
                        'extract' method for 'speedlm' objects
extract,stergm-method   'extract' method for 'stergm' objects
extract,summary.lm-method
                        'extract' method for 'summary.lm' objects
extract,survreg-method
                        'extract' method for 'survreg' objects
extract,survreg.penal-method
                        'extract' method for 'survreg.penal' objects
extract,svyglm-method   'extract' method for 'svyglm' objects
extract,systemfit-method
                        'extract' method for 'systemfit' objects
extract,texreg-method   'extract' method for 'texreg' objects
extract,tobit-method    'extract' method for 'tobit' objects
extract,vglm-method     'extract' method for 'vglm' objects
extract,weibreg-method
                        'extract' method for 'weibreg' objects
extract,wls-method      'extract' method for 'wls' objects
extract,zelig-method    'extract' method for 'zelig' objects
extract,zeroinfl-method
                        'extract' method for 'zeroinfl' objects
htmlreg                 Convert regression output to a HTML table
huxtablereg             Create a huxtable object from multiple
                        statistical models
knitreg                 Flexibly choose the right table output format
                        for use with 'knitr'
matrixreg               Convert regression output to a 'character'
                        matrix
plotreg                 Create coefficient plots from statistical model
                        output using 'ggplot2'.
praise                  Publish praise about 'texreg'
print.texregTable       Prints a 'texregTable' object.
screenreg               Convert regression output to an ASCII table
show,texreg-method      Show method for pretty output of texreg objects
texreg                  Convert regression output to a LaTeX table
texreg-class            An S4 class to represent a statistical model as
                        a texreg object
texreg-package          Conversion of R Regression Output to LaTeX or
                        HTML Tables
wordreg                 Export regression output to an MS Word file
